{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red154\green154\blue154;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red191\green191\blue191;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c66775;\cssrgb\c1680\c19835\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\csgray\c79525;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25880\viewh14020\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \
\
\cf3 Questions.\
\
1)	Please explain what you think these scripts (Oracles Responsys Personalization language [RPL] w/ html) do.\
\
	A)	Dear <#if FIRST_NAME?isnull>Valued Travel Advisor<#else>$\{FIRST_NAME\} $\{LAST_NAME\}</#if>,</p>\cf0 \
\cf4 If the value for the customer\'92s FIRST_NAME is null (it does not exist, has no value), then the output would be:\

\f1\b Dear Valued Travel Advisor,</p>\
\

\f0\b0 The table for that user would look something like this, with an empty cell:
\f1\b \

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1840\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2100\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf4 Customer_ID\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 FIRST_NAME\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 LAST_NAME\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1840\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2100\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 1234567\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
For any other scenario (\'93else\'94), meaning if the FIRST_NAME value for the customer DOES exist, the output would be:\

\f1\b Dear John Summers,</p>\
\

\f0\b0 The customer record for that scenario would look something like:
\f1\b \

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1840\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2120\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2040\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf4 Customer_ID\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 FIRST_NAME\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 LAST_NAME\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1840\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2120\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2040\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf5 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 1234567\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\partightenfactor0
\cf4 John\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Summers\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
This is a common scenario in personalization where, if for some reason the customer\'92s information is missing, you want to still have a generic value show up in the copy. Even if the FIRST_NAME was a required field when they signed up, sometimes customer records can get merged or moved around, and there can be issues. Using this script will prevent a scenario like this from happening, which would not be a great user experience:\

\f1\b Dear ,</p>\
\
NOTE: I realize the </p> is just kind of hanging out by itself but I wanted to show my attention to detail- in the line of code you provided, that is exactly what would have been rendered by Responsys. Additionally, there is a customization language called Built-in Function that Responsys uses (or used to use) but I believe that\'92s been deprecated. RPL is much easier to read and understand.
\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\cf3 	B)	<#if CONTACTS_LIST.COUNTRY_=="CA"><#noescape><a href=tel:1-855-707-4837 target="_blank" style="color: #000001;font-weight: bold;" class="mbl-clicktocall">855&#8209;707&#8209;4837</a></#noescape><#else><#noescape><a href=tel:1-800-464-3595 target="_blank" style="color: #000001;font-weight: bold;" class="mbl-clicktocall">800&#8209;464&#8209;3595</a></#noescape></#if><br />contact your travel advisor</p>\cf0 \
\
\cf4 If the COUNTRY value of the CONTACTS_LIST table corresponding to the customer\'92s info is CA (Canada), then show the Canadian clickable telephone number link (this will prompt the user to call the number on Mobile, with varying results on desktop), \
855-707-4837\
\
for all other countries (else), show the standard 800 number\
800-464-3595\
\
Both of these phone numbers are wrapped in a <#noescape> function that ensures they aren\'92t changed or intercepted at all by Responsys, and they will render exactly as expected\'97 I\'92m guessing this has to do with the usage of the non-breaking hyphen character between each set of numbers &#8209; which looks just like a normal hyphen (-), but forces all of the numbers to stay together in-line and not break to the next line. This is a common way to avoid scenarios like the following from happening:\
800-464-\
3595\
\
Which is harder to read, and isn\'92t as easy to quickly identify as a phone number at a glance. The inline CSS, as well as the mbl-clicktocall class are used to override the device/email client from messing with those links, turning them blue, etc.\cf0 \
\
\cf3 2)	If I have text that has a period in it, for example, \'91Viking.TV\'92, and I want to keep it as plain text, what is best way to prevent it from being converted into a hyperlink by certain devices after sending a test/proof to an inbox?\cf0 \
\
\cf4 The way that I have attacked this problem in the past is to add hidden characters between the letters/period to disrupt the device from recognizing it. I\'92ve found that this works quite well across email clients. So that would look something like:\
Viking&zwnj;.&zwnj;T&zwnj;V\
\
I\'92m using a zero-width non-joiner character here. This is the most iron-clad way of obstructing auto-linking, but it\'92s important to be cautious with this because:\
\cf0 It is tedious and requires you to carefully double check the final rendered word/words. \
By removing an expected function (say you are trying to obscure the address at the bottom of the email from being clickable) that may end up being a bad experience for the user.\
\
\
\cf3 3) You have an email in Outlook with a black 10px border going along the top but you have no image there. What is the best solution to fix the issue?\cf0 \
I would have to see the code. It\'92s possible that this issue is caused by the preheader (or \'91preview\'92 text), and the line height needs to be declared, or zero\'92d out. It may be that a black background is showing up, and it just appears to be a \'91border\'92. Or, it may be a scenario where there is a portion of code at the top that Outlook doesn\'92t even need to see, in which case we can hide it by using an \'91if mso\'92 statement. \
\
It sounds like you are describing this kind of issue tho, found on a Litmus article (one of the best resources):\
\
\'93Outlook sets a minimum height on table cells and images. If you\'92re using a table cell as a spacer or have a small image, make sure to add a line-height attribute to the element equal to the height that you want them to appear. For example:\'94\
\
<tr>\
     <td style="font-size: 5px; line-height: 5px; mso-line-height-rule: exactly;">&nbsp;</td>\
</tr>\
\
I would also check for:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 border-collapse: collapse;\
and \
mso-line-height-rule:exactly;\
\
But again, hard to say without seeing the email. The best plan would be to inspect it, and then test in Litmus or Email on Acid, or (best possible scenario) recreate the issue on your own device and then work on it until you\'92ve succeeded!\
}